Research Concepts:
Process of gathering the data.
Going to discuss about:
. Qualitative and quantitative data
. Business application of research skills
. Primary and secondary methods of research
Research Skills:
--> Identify an issue or problem
---> Search for information
----> Interpret and evaluate
-----> Analyze data
------> Document
-------> Communicate the outcome
Outcome of the research is "Data"
Quantitative data:
. Numerical, factual, fixed and universal
. Tells how many, how much or how often
. Collect this data through counting and measuring
Ex: During travelling flight fares and hotel room rates are quantitative data.
Strengths:
. Easy to collect
. Can conclude from
. Identify trends
Weaknesses:
. Can be inconclusive
. Risk overlooking the more relevant information
Qualitative data:
. Descriptive, chnageable and subjective
. Collect this data through interviews and observations
Ex: The hotel reviews by other travelers are qualitative data
Strengths:
. Provides a deep understanding of a topic and personal insights
Weaknesses:
. Cannot represent statistically

Research gain insights into an organization's: structure, Goals, Operations, Environment.
SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threaths)
SWOT analysis evaluates a company's internal and external factors and present and future potential.

PESTLE(Political, Economic, Social, Technology, Legal, Environmental)
PESTLE analysis helps study factors external to an organizationand their impact on it.
These factors include tax law, economic policy, stock market trends, buying behavior, automation, recycling standards and many more.

We can use Research in "Scenario planning"
This strategic planning mehtod considers the plausabile future impacts of uncertainties.
Such as extreme weather, ransomware attacks.


Methods of research:
Primary research: such as workshops, interviews and online surveys provide first hand evidence(Ex: Talking to those who have visited the destination)
Secondary research: such as reports provides second-hand information(Ex: Reading travel blogs and reviews during holiday planning)

